update template (#184)
Azure-Samples/active-directory-dotnetcore-daemon-v2: .github/bug_report.md

---
name: Bug report
about: Please do NOT file bugs without filling in this form.
title: '[Bug] '
labels: ["untriaged", "needs attention"]
assignees: ''

---

> **Which version of Microsoft.IdentityModel are you using?**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Which version of Microsoft.Identity,Web are you using?**

```

> **Which version of Microsoft.IdentityModel are you using?**

Author: ```suggestion
**Which version of Microsoft.Identity.Web are you using?**

```
